ingester: promote owned series stable and enable by default (#8695)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: enabled `-blocks-storage.bucket-store.max-concurrent-queue-timeout` by default with a timeout of 5 seconds. #8496
* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: enabled `-blocks-storage.bucket-store.index-header.lazy-loading-concurrency-queue-timeout` by default with a timeout of 5 seconds . #8667
* [CHANGE] Distributor: Incoming OTLP requests were previously size-limited by using limit from `-distributor.max-recv-msg-size` option. We have added option `-distributor.max-otlp-request-size` for limiting OTLP requests, with default value of 100 MiB. #8574

> * [CHANGE] Ingester: enable owned series to stable and enable by default. Active series are now updated along with owned series. They decrease when series change ownership between ingesters. This helps provide a more accurate total of active series when ingesters are added. #8695

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Ingester: Promote `-ingester.track-ingester-owned-series` to stable and enabled by default. Active series are now updated along with owned series. They decrease when series change ownership between ingesters. This helps provide a more accurate total of active series when new ingesters are added. #8695
```
